---
title: "Leaderboard"
---

The BlastFi Terminal takes user engagement and competition to new heights with its dynamic leaderboard system and integrated
NFT viewer, creating a vibrant and interactive ecosystem for its users. This innovative approach not only fosters a sense of
community and competition but also enriches the user experience with unique rewards and digital collectibles.

## Dynamic Leaderboard:

At the heart of the BlastFi Terminal's user engagement strategy lies the dynamic leaderboard, a platform feature designed to
incentivize and reward active participation. Users are encouraged to climb the ranks by engaging in various activities within
the platform, such as staking, completing challenges, and making successful referrals. The leaderboard is structured into
several tiers, with each tier offering progressively more valuable rewards and allocations. This tiered system ensures that
users of all levels have something to strive for, making the climb up the leaderboard both challenging and rewarding.

Friend referrals play a pivotal role in ascending the leaderboard. By referring friends to the platform, users can earn a
percentage of the XP gained by their referrals, creating a mutually beneficial system that rewards both the referrer and the
referred. This mechanism not only accelerates a user's progression up the leaderboard but also promotes the growth of the
BlastFi community, making the platform more vibrant and dynamic.

## NFT Viewer and Digital Collectibles:

For digital collectible enthusiasts, BlastFi Terminal introduces an NFT viewer feature, enhancing the user experience by
allowing them to explore and showcase their Blast chain NFTs directly within the platform. This integration serves as a bridge
between traditional financial activities and the burgeoning world of digital art and collectibles, offering users a seamless
way to engage with their NFT holdings.

The NFT viewer not only enables users to view their own NFTs but also allows them to discover new and exciting digital
collectibles within the BlastFi ecosystem. This feature adds a visual and interactive dimension to the platform, engaging
users beyond traditional financial transactions and fostering a community of digital art lovers and collectors.

## A Holistic Platform Experience:

The combination of the dynamic leaderboard and the NFT viewer creates a holistic platform experience that caters to a wide
array of interests and activities. Users are motivated to engage with the platform not just for financial gains but also for
the enjoyment and satisfaction derived from collecting digital art and competing for supremacy on the leaderboard. By blending
competitive elements with the allure of digital collectibles, BlastFi Terminal positions itself as a comprehensive ecosystem
that appeals to a diverse user base, from finance enthusiasts to art collectors.

In summary, the BlastFi Terminal's innovative approach to user engagement, through its dynamic leaderboard and integrated NFT
viewer, offers a unique and enriching experience. It encourages active participation, fosters community growth, and celebrates
the intersection of finance and digital art, making it a standout platform in the digital finance and collectibles space.
